hello everybody in today's video I've
got an average of 12 and this is the
fastest average of 12 that I've ever
uploaded to YouTube so I'm pretty stoked
about it and I for where I am with
cubing I think I had a really good day
with my solves I just started solving
and I was getting really fast x 13 and
14 I decided to turn on the camera I
didn't capture any of those but I did
get a really fast average which you're
seeing right now and then after that I
even got a faster one which I'll be
uploading at a later date so I want to
tell you about the progression of my
cubing oh yeah but the first thing I
want to talk to you about is the timer
in the background a lot of people ask me
what timer that is I'm going to tell you
all right now and Link it to you in the
description
it's called cue cue timer it's from
speed solving and I personally really
like it because of the large display but
you'll notice that if you go to the
actual website and see it to display the
timer is really small and the way you
get it big is you click timer options
and then you go down to the bottom and
you click increase until you want and
you know and tell us the size that you
want it to be another thing you should
be really quickly aware of with this
program is that it's internet-based you
cannot open it unless you're you know
connected to the Internet what you can
do though is you can connect to the
internet then you can open it into a tab
and then you can bring a computer away
from the internet source so you're
offline and still use it the program is
open it's available for you so that's
one thing you want to do if you're
carrying your laptop around just open it
in a tab and keep a tab open anyway so
there you go the link is in the
description for you guys so I want to
talk about my progress with 3x3 and I'm
getting faster at a slow pace and a lot
of people I see get faster at a fast
pace and I'm wondering why is that
alaikum I just you know is the newer
generation that is younger than me just
a lot smarter huh or like or am I just
not doing something right you know in
its I don't think it's either those I
think what it is is that I just don't
practice very much I'm kind of lazy with
it and I mean like everybody's asking me
for oh ll tutorials because they see me
using full o ll and I don't use full o
ll
but I do know more than half of them so
a lot of the time
looks like I do know it but I don't I
still use to look unless I don't have to
I do use full PLL and I know more than
one algorithm for the PLL's for some of
them too so it depends on what what
angle I get for each case you know I can
switch an algorithm to minimize cube
rotations and things like that so hey I
don't know I kind of started thinking
like how do I get faster at a faster
rate then it's it's not only just
practice because a lot of people say how
do I get faster please don't tell me
it's only practice well it sort of isn't
it sort of isn't I mean you can't get
faster unless you practice that's for
sure but you have to be aware of where
your faults are and you have to practice
those that's the thing you can't just
practice the same thing over and over
and over and over again and not learn
anything new and expect to just get
super fast you have to learn different
f2l stuff and I got to be honest I
haven't really refined my f2l and
exhaust old me the other day you know
like where you're at is the perfect time
to reinvent your f2l and he linked me to
a page and I started looking at them and
like I'm really into f2l you know
intuitive f2l so he's really algorithm
based so I was wondering like how do i
how do I get faster without I'm gonna
learn all the algorithms but it turns
out I'm gonna have to learn some I mean
you're gonna have to memorize things
here and there because I would know full
o ll at this point if I really cared to
learn a bunch of algorithms and I do
want to learn full well I've heard that
it will make me a little bit faster but
not a lot the one thing I really need to
refine though is my f2l and I've come to
learn that you know like I just
basically learned the sledgehammer
technique and I mean apparently that's a
pretty noob thing to know so it just
shows you know I'm kind of like I found
something that worked and I just got
faster at it and the only reason I'm
getting faster without actually learning
new stuff is because I'm getting better
at what I already know you know but I
still need to learn new stuff in order
to get shortcuts in and all that kind of
stuff because maybe I'm doing it really
slow and I don't even know another thing
that I've been told to by people
watching this is my turns for a second
they said you need to turn faster and
yes and no I mean maybe they're faster
than me but they also know how to look
ahead more you know if I start
turning so fast that I can't track my
next pair then it defeats the purpose
the time I saved by turning real fast
gets spent by me looking for my next
pair now if I'm turning at a slow enough
speed that I can track my next pair that
kind of evens out and that's the goal
because I will get faster turning slower
and looking ahead then I will by just
turning as fast as I can and turning as
fast as you can can be a bad habit to
get out of I mean if you watch some of
my algorithms on PLL I'm not bad at PLL
I don't think I don't think I'm the best
but I don't think I'm too bad and my
turns per second are actually not too
bad I mean I'm pretty fast I just don't
want you so I don't lose my next pair
that's all so I have to be really like
mindful of what I need to learn so I can
progress to get faster you know and I
think that's a really really important
thing to remember because it's easy to
forget to practice to get faster I hope
that made any sense at all because it
makes sense to me but anyway so here we
are it's over
the average is seventeen point nine one
my best average of five is sixteen point
five for my best time altogether is this
a 16 point Oh for my worst time is
twenty five point one four I didn't know
what I did there I think I screwed up my
ol algorithm and then I had to do a
little bit of f2l and then redo all LM
PLL but anyway so seventeen point nine
one my next one is actually faster than
this and it's already recorded so thanks
for watching guys and I'll see you on my
next video